Ah the deep
I told you that a wife
Who wants to come ohnya Think you crying loud for nothing on a film made in advance
I will
Even if I stay here with my baby, my mind is like this with my baby.
Thank you very much for the welcome.
4 I feel the same as the first 19 this year,
I am sorry to have a lot of introduction 4
Yes What I do
It's a heavy equipment article, like a digger bulldozer.
So heavy equipment J reposes president to see Gurin CEO 4
My head is not what I found in the first place .
I raised a little more.
Our father is a self-made man .
I need to know the beekeepers .
There are no obstacles in eating and drinking.
I also traveled abroad and bought it when I bought it.
I can give you that. Really. Oh, good. Compulsive.
Ah
Marriage is also what about one to spit up on what that level in apartment
Luckily, it's an apartment.
You are going to live with your dad.
We can use it .
No, no, no, no, no, no .
It will only attend his father's car ride not pro channel
That's also when any ball sports car sports car going to work
Nowadays, dogs and cats are all on the road.
Just watering is going to be low later in the day It's good to ride on the car That old days
Venus is still penalized.
What point in the bush was it?
I 've never even said this to you .
Was love at first sight
Well , what a shame.
I just met a few times and I liked everything.
I just want to be honest about regretting and running . Almost there.
Delivering
What happened to your mother?
He wanted it.
When I was in elementary school
You do not propose your father.
Yes. I had a lot of trouble with my dad, but now it's as good as my friend.
You've been here a few years ago and you're saving up.
This dwarf is almost 50,000
You could have the wedding you want is also used as a selection like this so choose hair extensions
It's not an audio pod, but it's a hundred times better than a hard drive.
When I think of the easy andoejyo Well thats not the person my parents
Others did the negative ions are reflected or not # already eight when his Dodge home
I know it's because of the economic difficulty of the circumstances.
Where's the school?
There is a word coming hungry from my mom earlier hunger main hall ENGLISH wheels
It's the difference catch shares
Where Overseas Paju Ringer
Oh the facts
University did not work
I went to college.
Yes High school Second grade Summer vacation
So the last school middle school
U
I have a semester.
You could not help it. And me.
I hate lying.
What do we do
I want to have a surprised face.
I gave it to me.
This is the first time I've been so scared and shivering in my life .
You know the opposite.
if
If you oppose
Right
It's hard.